I've stayed here a couple times now.  If I reviewed my first stay if probably would have been 2 or 3 stars. Lucky for them.    Back to my most recent stay.  It was the best experience ever.  (Second to the Double Tree in Carmel, IN.)  I walked in the lobby around 1PM and was greeted by Bobbie.  He was handling the desk by himself and I explained that we would wait in the lobby until they had a room ready (since we were 2 hours early for check in).    My husband was anxious to watch the Bears game so he found a spot in the cozy waiting area with a big screen TV.  Bobbie offered to check us in early and I asked about our accommation request to be near the elevator or an area that would require very little walking.  It appeared that he may have had a challenge with our request.  I explained the huge inconvenience with our last visit.  The lady that checked us in, sent us to one of the farthest rooms along the zig zag cooridor.  AFTER we requested a room that required very little walking (due to traveling with a family member on oxygen) and THAT was the best they could do for us?  My husband was exhausted before he was half way to the room.  Needless to say, he didn't want me to request a \"closer\" room after that.  This is why I give them my request when I book the room.  Fortunately for all of us, the extra planning helped. An extra bonus was that Bobbie ask if I was Priority Club Rewards member.  Well I wasn't, but I planned on asking...and of course it slipped my mind.  Thankfully, because Bobbie asked me about it, I am now a Priority Club member! This is great because we will be coming here a few times a year.  Bobbie was really good about explaining the details of the membership and even let me know how I can get extra points online.  Did I say how great Bobbie was?  Well...he was everywhere!  He hand-delivered our new membership information to our room (with chocolate and a beverage). Whenever he saw me in the lobby, he always asked if there was anything I needed.  He also helped out with the breakfast buffet in the morning.  He literaly was everywhere!  It's not like he was leaning on the counter when I saw him.  No, he was very proactive in genuinely making his guests feel comfortable.  He's definitely a keeper.    Whenever I'm in the Madison area, I will continue to book at this Staybridge because of my experience and the excellent service that Bobbie provided. 