Used Charter for a couple of years. Just ditched them and I couldn't be happier. Shortly after we first started with Charter our connection went out, took them days to send someone out and it turned out they'd disconnected us for no reason at all. Thanks Charter. Fast forward to the recent past when our bill went up, I called up to try and get a new promotional rate because I'm no paying $60 for internet that bombs out briefly a couple times a day. They said they couldn't do anything better than their listed rate. \nAfter that I decided to downgrade to their lowest speed for the time being in order to save some money. When I called up to do so they transferred me to retentions and magically they offered me a better rate. Turned out they were lying and there was an additional charge on top of that because I wasn't bundling serviced (I have no interest in rotting my brain out watching cable TV or having a phone that I can't take with me in my pocket), when I complained and asked for the original rate the supervisor did not apologize and said the last person I talked to must have assumed I knew about the extra fee. When I told her I wanted the original rate she said there was nothing she could do, what is the point of having a retentions department if the best they can do is what is listed on the website? Finally I organized DSL with AT&T which was simple and easy and did not require a visit for installation. I just plugged the DSL modem in and called customer service who guided me through the set up. When I called to cancel with Charter they offered me the original rate but I'm pretty sure it would have been the same thing again. After calling to disconnect I got several calls from Charter trying to get my business back if perhaps they offered me a really good rate but by that point they'd managed to blow whatever shred of credibility they had left in my mind. Since I don't trust their billing practices I had no interest in continuing business with them any longer and am now much happier for it!
